## Please download the latest version, as this is guaranteed to function correctly and be stable.
This Readme only covers, and endorses the use of, said latest version.

**v8.1 contains three main files.**


### TrueTrack.py is probably what you have come here for.
It uses a large list of co-ordinates (contained with metro_coords.json) to determine the exact position, track and destination of each train and give it a fairly accurate ETA at the next station.

**To get TrueTrack.py up and running, simply pop it and metro_coords.json into a folder together, install the paho-mqtt library with pip and run TrueTrack.py.**

### Metro.py is the primitive version of TrueTrack.
It runs off a hand-complied list of GPS co-ordinates for each station and is significantly less accurate, especially for M2 services, where departure-specific information, such as destination and departure time, is highly unreliable. It also cannot locate trains that are currently not within 200m of a station, so you have to wait until they arrive at their next station before their location appears.

**To get Metro.py up and running, simply run it!**

### MatterHard.py is only intended for dev use.
Its sole purpose is to automatically collect the co-ordinates of the system's internal locator tags by following a specific car and continuously dumping its co-ordinates into a JSON file.

### Any other files are not neccesary for the other programs to function (yet)
vuoro_list.json will (eventually) be a full list of vuoros throughout the week; for now, it's just sitting there, silently propping up TrueTrack.
Any other files are simply unedited lists of spare or extra co-ordinates generated by MatterHard.py, which can be used by me to supplement metro_coords.json as and when required.


## Required packages:
* paho-mqtt (all files)
* pytz (for TrueTrack.py only)
